**Page:** 47

Our Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We invest primarily  in  debt  securities,  including  government  bonds,  corporate  debt  securities,  mortgage-backed  and  asset-backed  securities,  money market and other funds, time deposits, and interest rate derivatives. By policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair  market  value  adversely  affected  due  to  a  rise  in  interest  rates,  while  floating  rate  securities  may  produce  less  income  than  predicted  if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains and losses on our marketable debt securities are primarily due to interest rate fluctuations as compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. For certain fixed and variable rate debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in OI&amp;E. We measure securities for which we have not elected the fair value option at fair value with gains and losses recorded in AOCI until the securities are sold, less any expected credit losses.
We use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our investment portfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adverse movements in interest rates.  We  use  a  variance/covariance  VaR  model  with  95%  confidence  interval.  The  estimated  one-day  loss  in  fair  value  of  our  investment portfolio as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 are shown below (in millions):

|                               | As of December 31,   | As of December 31,   | 12-Month Average As of December 31,   | 12-Month Average As of December 31,   |
|-------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------|---------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
|                               | 2023                 | 2024                 | 2023                                  | 2024                                  |
| Risk category - interest rate | $ 296                | $ 208                | $ 271                                 | $ 230                                 |